Graceful x5c degrade for INLINE/PEM key resolvers (#91)
gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-generate-jwt: README.adoc

.^|x509CertificateChain
^.^|-

> |Whether the X.509 certificate chain of the signing certificate should be added as an x5c header. Only applies when using an RSA signature; if enabled without a resolvable certificate/chain in the key material, the x5c header is omitted and the request proceeds instead of being rejected; any diagnostic for this is logged when the key material is first loaded, not on every request. Ignored when using an HMAC algorithm.

Reviewer: The content here is accurate — I traced all four resolvers and confirmed the diagnostics really are load-time only (they're emitted from `addCertificateChain`/`addLeafCertificate`, inside the `getSigner` cache-miss path). But it's now one sentence carrying three semicolon-joined clauses plus an embedded comma clause, and the load-time-only logging caveat ends up buried at the very end where readers are most likely to miss it.

```suggestion
|Whether the X.509 certificate chain of the signing certificate should be added as an x5c header. Only applies when using an RSA signature. If enabled without a resolvable certificate/chain in the key material, the x5c header is omitted and the request proceeds instead of being rejected. Any diagnostic for this is logged once, when the key material is first loaded, rather than on every request. Ignored when using an HMAC algorithm.
```

Author: applied

> |Whether the X.509 certificate chain of the signing certificate should be added as an x5c header. Only applies when using an RSA signature. If enabled without a resolvable certificate/chain in the key material, the x5c header is omitted and the request proceeds instead of being rejected. Any diagnostic for this is logged once, when the key material is first loaded, rather than on every request. Ignored when using an HMAC algorithm.

Reviewer: The rewrite reads much better, thanks. One thing this row still doesn't cover: it describes two outcomes — chain embedded when resolvable, header omitted when not — but there's a third. On JKS/PKCS12 where the keystore chain's leaf doesn't match the signing key, the chain *is* present and *is* embedded, just non-conformantly (`addCertificateChain` writes `certChains` before the `MISMATCH` check). A reader hitting that case finds an `x5c` header the docs don't account for.

You make this point yourself in APIM-14858 — "worth updating regardless of which way the decision goes" — and I agree that part is separable from the deferred code decision. Since this row is already being rewritten here, describing the current behaviour now costs a sentence and saves the docs being wrong either way the ticket lands.

Not blocking — happy to approve without it if you'd rather keep the whole topic inside APIM-14858.
